Wait a minute, sister
Now is not the time to say that children love each other, haha.
Dongying Ghost Walk
Why did Dongying ninjas appear in the territory of Dashita?
Isn't it just a woman?
Can't escape my palm hum
Are you so confident?
I found him the day after he came to Gimhae
Her name is Qin Shuangxue
It seems to be from Ding Zhao Gao Xiaoyun
I don't know exactly why.
That can be from him
Get some information on the thief
But then again?
Junior brother, tell me what Senior Sister just said
Senior sister, please leave this ninja to me.
Just in time I'm going to the parking lot
Force me to clean up on both sides
And you said you had a baby face.
Why are you a man when you open your mouth?
No matter how good a man is, he will be scared away by you
Hey
Don't I just want to marry you?
brat
If I find your flower sausages
Why did you drown in minutes?
Hey, has the door closed?
Hurry up and starve me to death
If you eat late, you will starve to death.
Miss Persistent Miss Persistent
You have been wrapped by me
I said you and the delivery woman outside
Is it a gang?
Don't change the subject
Answer me first
You are lurking near Aaron Group
Are you going to kill Gao Xiaoyun?
Sure enough, they are a gang
Then you go to hell.